Add Katello 4.21.0 release notes and contributors (#4848)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/katello.adoc

[id="katello-headline-features"]
== Headline features

Content credentials page modernized::
The content credentials page has been rewritten in React with modern Patternfly styling.
The page functions the same as before.
https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39197

Container image tagging restored in hammer::

> You can now tag container images via hammer again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container image tagging restored in Hammer CLI::
You can now tag container images by using Hammer CLI again.
```

I suggest to reword "hammer" to "Hammer CLI" and avoid "via". Instead, you can use "by using".

https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39186

Pulp 3.105 required::
Katello now requires Pulp 3.105.
If you interact directly with certain Pulp APIs, expect breaking changes, for example events switching from asynchronous to synchronous.

> Consult the https://docs.pulpproject.org/pulpcore/changes.html[Pulp changelog] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult the https://pulpproject.org/pulpcore/changes/#3.105.7[Pulp 3.105 to 3.85 changelog] for more details.
```

Suggestion: Guide users _which_ entries to read.

Expanded foreman-maintain reports::
The `foreman-maintain` report now includes significantly more Katello-specific data about your environment:
+
* Count of all content types
* Rolling content view publication information
* Counts of all host types: image-mode, smart-proxy assigned, and multi content view

[id="katello-upgrade-warnings"]

> == Upgrade warnings

Reviewer 2: @sjha4 do we need anything here in regards to the Python publication migration? I can't remember if users need to run anything manually.

Reviewer 3: The task itself is a migration task for main katello server. We do expect users to run a complete sync on smart_proxies to bring things up to date after the upgrade if the smart proxies are syncing python content from katello.

Author: Updated
